Update native AOT sample readme (#5225)
dotnet/samples: core/nativeaot/README.md

# Native AOT compilation sample apps

This folder contains sample code demonstrating how to publish apps and libraries with native AOT compilation.

> For more information, see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/deploying/native-aot.

Reviewer: This will provide better SEO on the linked article. (Also, we remove the language and culture so readers get the correct localized version:

```suggestion
For more information, see the article on [native AOT deployment](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/deploying/native-aot).
```
